Matter: remove device from fabric (#31270)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/matter.markdown

   - For example, if you shared it with Google Home, it lists **Google LLC**.
     ![image](/images/integrations/matter/matter_share-device-with-other-platform.png)

## Removing a device from a network

> Follow these steps if you want to remove a device from a particular network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps if you want to remove a device from a particular Matter controller.
```

1. Go to {% my integrations title="**Settings** > **Devices & services**" %} and on the **Matter (BETA)** integration card, select **Devices**.

> 2. From the list of devices, select the device you want to remove from a network.

Reviewer: I do not like the term network here. Can we stick to Matter fabric or Matter controller. Or maybe even app ?

Author: so, for me, it does not remove it from the app. It is still in the app, but unresponsive. It just removes it from the Home Assistant UI.

3. In the **Device info** section, next to **Share device**, select the three dot menu. Then, select **Manage fabrics**.
4. From the list, remove the network of interest. 
   - If you want to remove Apple Home, also remove the Apple Keychain entry.
   ![image](/images/integrations/matter/matter-remove-from-network.png)

> 

Reviewer: Another note could be that if you want to remove the device from the home Assistant fabric, you need to press remove from the 3 dots context menu

Author: added a step

> 5. If you want to remove the device from Home Assistant, select the three-dot menu and select **Delete**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If you want to remove the device from Home Assistant itself, select the three-dot menu and select **Delete**.
```

Reviewer: just a suggestion to add the word itself to make it more explicit ?
